---
Programmer: ericinlinux & adnan manzoor
Date of creation: 9 January 2018
Institution: VU Amsterdam
---

# Results of Direct Life Data Analysis

This repository contains the analysis of the data set from direct life. Some notebooks are run in R, while most of them are in Python.

### The **data** folder

The data folder contains three other folders after running notebook 1.

* **original:** contains the data provided by Adnan used in the original paper. It is the first selection of data
* **components:** raw data for each component used in the first analysis.
* **reproduced:** all the computation done in notebook 1 and results for the averaging and gathering of data from components folder. Used for comparison in method 1.
* **raw:** the raw data provided by Aart. Used on the method 2 for data cleaning and selection.
* **clean:** clean data generated by code in cleandata.py.

## Notebooks

### 1_Generate_Data_Plot_Trendlines.ipynb

Create the graphic with the average for each day for community and non community samples. Also generates the trendlines for visual comparison.

The results of this notebook can be seen in the paper [1] Fig. 3.

## How to regenerate the data?

Notebooks 1, 2 and 3 are independent and can be run one after another.

To run notebooks 4, 5 and 6, it is required to run the code in src/cleandata.py first.

```bash
python3 src/cleandata.py
```

## References

[1] Manzoor, A., Mollee, J.S., Araújo, E.F.M., Van Halteren, A.T. and Klein, M.C., 2016, October. Online sharing of physical activity: does it accelerate the impact of a health promotion program?. In Big Data and Cloud Computing (BDCloud), Social Computing and Networking (SocialCom), Sustainable Computing and Communications (SustainCom)(BDCloud-SocialCom-SustainCom), 2016 IEEE International Conferences on (pp. 201-208). IEEE.